An amendment to this Organization is Appropriate if intent to perform it
was announced between 4 and 14 days ago, and no members of the
Organization have publicly objected to it since.

Reference to a Budget Switch for a person in this Charter refer to the
Budget Switch for the pair consisting of that person and this
Organization.

Any non-member of this Organization can join it via flipping eir Budget
Switch to 25.

Any member of this Organization can leave it via flipping eir Budget
Switch to 0, but only if eir Budget Switch for it is currently 25 or
lower.

A Bet is an announcement of the form "I bet X Expenditure that Y by Z."
or "I bet X Expenditure that Y before Z", where X is a positive integer
(the bet's Amount), Y is a description that could potentially in the
future apply to some subset of Agora's gamestate (the bet's Subject),
and Z is a time in the future (either an absolute time, or a time
described relative to some gamestate event, e.g. "the resolution of an
Agoran Decision to accept [a specific proposal]") (the bet's Deadline).

If a bet's Subject describes a player's vote on an Agoran decision, then
unless explicitly stated otherwise, that description can only apply
after it is too late for that vote to be changed. References to a vote
on a proposal are, unless explicitly stated otherwise, considered to be
references to an Agoran Decision on whether to adopt that proposal.

For each Bet, its Bet Acceptance is the first announcement before its
Deadline that quotes that Bet, and states that it accepts that Bet (or,
if the author of the Bet is the author of the announcement, that it
withdraws that Bet). If a Bet has a Bet Acceptance, then it is an
"Accepted Bet".

If the Subject of an Accepted Bet has (at any time from the Bet's
creation and the earlier of the Bet's Deadline and the current time,
inclusive of endpoints) been an accurate description of the subset of
Agora's gamestate that it pertains to, that Bet is a Won Bet. If an
Accepted Bet is not a Won Bet, and its Deadline has passed, then that
Bet is a Lost Bet.

The following two changes are Appropriate once for each Won Bet, if both
changes are made in the given order in the same message and with no
other actions taken in between:
- Flipping the Budget Switch for the author of its Bet Acceptance by
  increasing it by the Bet's Amount; and
- Flipping the Budget Switch for the author of the Bet itself by
  decreasing it by the Bet's Amount (or to 1, if this decrease would
  take it below 1).

The following two changes are Appropriate once for each Lost Bet, if both
changes are made in the given order in the same message and with no
other actions taken in between:
- Flipping the Budget Switch for the author of the Bet itself by
  increasing it by the Bet's Amount; and
- Flipping the Budget Switch for the author of its Bet Acceptance by
  decreasing it by the Bet's Amount (or to 1, if this decrease would
  take it below 1).

When performing the flips described in the above two paragraphs, members
are strongly encouraged to quote the Bet Acceptance, including its quote
of the Bet itself.
