Secretary's Monthly Report

Date of this report: Thu  1 Jun 2017
Date of last report: Mon  1 May 2017


Recent events (all times UTC)

----- previous report -----
----- time of last report -----
Thu, 27 Apr 2017 05:33:46  nichdel created Organization "AAaAA"
Wed,  3 May 2017 04:22:28  o amended Organization "AVM"'s charter

[Agoran Award and Achivement Association]

An amendment to this Organization is Appropriate if intent to perform
it was announced between 4 and 14 days ago, and no members of the
Organization have publicly objected to it since.

When a member of this organization pays any number of shinies to this
organization they receive as many Proxies as paid shinies.

Once a month any member of this organization may initiate a Voting
Session. A Voting Session lasts 7 days. During the Voting Session,
each member may cast a number of votes equal to eir number of Proxies,
with valid votes being any entity that has a Balance switch. When a
Voting Session ends, this Organization shall pay X/Y rounded down to
each entity with the highest number of votes where X is the shinies
this organization has in its Budget and Y is the number of entities
to pay. All remaining shinies shall be paid to Agora. All members have
0 Proxies when a Voting Session ends.


[The Agoran Betting Market]

An amendment to this Organization is Appropriate if intent to perform
it was announced between 4 and 14 days ago, and no members of the
Organization have publicly objected to it since.

References to a person's Budget Switch in this Charter refer to the
Budget Switch for the pair consisting of that person and this
Organization.

For the purposes of Bets made under the provisions of this
Organization, a reference to an Agoran Decision on whether to adopt a
proposal can be made by instead referencing the proposal itself, unless
doing so would be ambiguous.

Any non-member of this Organization can join it via flipping eir Budget
Switch to 25.

Any member of this Organization whose Budget Switch is currently 25 or
less, and who has not authored any unResolved Bets that are Covered by
a Bet with an author other than emself, can leave it via flipping eir
Budget Switch to 0.

A Bet is a portion of an announcement, labelled as a Bet, that is
authored by a member of this Organization and contains the following
information:

Deadline: a moment in the future, defined either by its date, or by
specifying an event that could potentially happen in the future but
that has not yet occurred (e.g. "the resolution of Proposal 9999"), in
which case the Deadline is the first occurrence of such an event;
Odds: two positive integers separated by a hyphen (e.g. 3-1);
Event: a statement in the future tense about a property of Agora's
gamestate, which is evaluated at the time stated in the Deadline.

If two Bets have the same Deadline, reverse Odds (i.e. the number
before the hyphen and the number after the hyphen are swapped), and
Events which are negations of each other (i.e. one is necessarily true
whenever the other is false, and vice versa), the Bets are stated to
Complement each other. For each bet, the first bet that Complements it
and has not previously Covered another bet is said to Cover that bet.
Exception: if a Bet is not Covered by its Deadline, it cannot Cover or
be Covered by another Bet subsequently.

A statement by a member of this Organization that e "covers" a Bet is
interpreted as an announcement that would be a Bet that Covers it, if
such a bet is possible (i.e. if the Bet is unCovered and its Deadline
has not occurred).

A statement by a member of this Organization that e "withdraws" a Bet
that e authored is interpreted as though that member had announced that
e covered that Bet.

If a Bet is Covered and its Deadline has passed, it has not previously
been Resolved, and the Bet and the Bet that Covers it have different
authors, any member of this contract can Resolve it. To do so, e flips
the Bet's author's Budget Switch as follows:

- If the Bet's Event was true when the Deadline occurred, the switch is
reduced by the integer before the hyphen in the Bet's Odds;

- If the Bet's Event was false when the Deadline occurred, the switch
is increased by the integer after the hyphen in the Bet's Odds.

Members of this Organization are strongly encouraged to Resolve a Bet
and the Bet that Covers it within the same message. They are also
encouraged to identify the Bet, and the Bet that Covers it, via quoting
the original messages containing them.


[The Agoran Credit Union]

 * All actions described by this Charter and pertaining to
   Organizations are limited in scope to this Organization.

 * An amendment is Appropriate if intent to perform it was announced
   between 4 and 14 days ago, and no members have publicly objected to
   it since.

 * A person flipping eir own Budget Switch is Appropriate unless
   Income would be lower than the Income Floor (50 if not defined by
   the rules).

 * Each member has a number of Union Credits, initially zero. At the
   end of each week, each member gains a number of Union Credits
   equal to three times eir Budget Switch.


[The Agoran Voting Market]

An amendment to this Charter is Appropriate if intent to perform it was
announced between 4 and 14 days ago, and no members have publicly
objected to it since.

Any player may join this Organization by flipping eir Budget switch for
this Organization to a positive value, by announcement. Any member of
this Organization may leave this Organization by flipping eir Budget
switch for this Organization to zero, by announcement.

A member of this organization may offer a number of votes for sale by
paying this organization the current Pending List Price (the "bond"),
and naming a price, in Shinies, by announcement. A player who has
offered to sell their votes may retract eir offer by announcement. Any
member of this organization can buy the offered votes, if no other
player has done so, by paying this organization the price set by the
seller, by announcement.

A member of this organization may offer to buy a number votes by naming
the price, in Shinies, that e is willing to pay, by announcement. A
player who has offered to buy votes may retract eir offer by
announcement. Any member of this organization can fill an offer to buy
votes, if no other player has done so, by paying this organization the
current Pending List Price (the "bond"), by announcement.

A player who has sold votes must follow the buyer's voting directions
for one Agoran Decision per vote sold. If that player does so, e may
cause this organization to pay em the price at which e sold votes, plus
eir bond, without objection. If that player votes other than as
directed on an Agoran Decision covered by the sale, the buyer may cause
this organization to pay em the price at which e bought the votes and
to pay the seller's bond to Agora, without objection.

Voting instructions may be provided privately.


[蘭亭社]

1. この憲章には、以下の同じ行に書かれている用語が同意義です。
    * Agora, アゴラ, 阿呉羅
    * Announcement, 公表
    * Appropriate, ふさわしい, 相応しい
    * The Budget Switch for the pair consisting of X and this Organization, Xの株
    * CAN, 得る
    * Charter, 憲章
    * Duty, 義務
    * Expenditure, 支出
    * To flip (switch X to Y), (XがYに)変わる
    * IMPOSSIBLE, 不可能
    * Organization, 社
    * Player, アゴラプレイヤー
    * POSSIBLE, 可能
    * SHOULD, べし
    * Switch, スイッチ
2. 当社の正式名称は「蘭亭社」で、「ランテイシャ」と読みます。
3. 当社のメンバーならないアゴラプレイヤーは自分の株が１～５０に変わることによって弊社のメンバーになり得ます。
4. 当社はアゴラプレイヤーの一員です。当社が滅びずに登録を解除することが不可能です。
5. この憲章に記載されていない弊社に影響を及ぼす行為は全部相応しくないです。
6. 相応しい修正箇条とは他のメンバーが日本語に反対していないでメンバーが４～１４日前公表した憲章の修正箇条です。
7. すべてメンバーは自分の株が低い値に変わることがふさわしいです。
8. 当社はメンバーが公表で賛成することによってスタンスを発表し得ます。賛成者の株より反対者の株のほうか多ければスタンスが撤廃します。
9. メンバーの間で紛争はリーチ麻雀の東南戦によって解決されるべきであります。
