Proposal: Real Estate
Adoption index: 3
Authors: o
Co-authors: Aris

If Shinies are money - plentiful, liquid, easily acquired in small
quanties but still valuable - then Estates are land: rare, illiquid,
difficult to acquire in any quantity, intrinsically valuable.

Enact a new rule, "The Surveyor", with power 1, with the text:

    The Surveyor is an office. Eir weekly report includes the owner of
    each Estate.

Enact a new rule, "Estates", with power 2, with the text:

    An Estate is a type of entity. The following changes are secured:
    creating, modifying, or destroying an Estate; and causing an
    entity to become an Estate or cease to be an Estate.

    Owner is a switch belonging to each Estate, tracked by the
    Surveyor, whose legal values are any player, any Organization, or
    Agora. The default Owner of an Estate is Agora. Changes to Owner
    switches are secured.

    To transfer an Estate to a player or Organization is to set its
    Owner switch to that player or that Organization. To transfer an
    Estate to Agora is to set its Owner switch to Agora.

    A player who owns an Estate can and may transfer it to any player,
    to any Organization, or to Agora, by announcement.

    A player may cause an Organization which owns an Estate to transfer
    that Estate to any player, to any Organization, or to Agora, by
    announcement, if it is Appropriate to do so under that
    Organization's charter.

Create the following Estates:

    * The Estate of Antegria
    * The Estate of Borduria
    * The Estate of Cagliostro
    * The Estate of Dawsbergen
    * The Estate of Erehwon

Enact a new rule, "Estate Ballots", with power 3, with the text:

    During any Agoran Decision, a player who owns one or more Estates
    can, by announcement, expend any number of their owned Estates on
    the Agoran Decision by transferring that Estate to Agora. Eir
    voting strength on that decision is increased by 1 for each Estate
    expended on it.

Enact a new rule, "Estate Auctions", with power 2, with the text:

    At the start of each month, if Agora owns at least one Estate, the
    Surveyor shall put one Estate which is owned by Agora up for
    auction, by announcement. Each auction ends seven days after it
    begins.

    During an auction, any player may bid any number of Shinies by
    announcement. Any player may cause any Organization to bid any
    number of Shinies, by announcement, if it is Appropriate under that
    Organization's charter to place the bid.

    At the end of an auction, if there is a single highest bid, the
    player or Organization that placed the highest bid can cause Agora
    to transfer the auctioned Estate to emself by paying Agora the
    number of Shinies stated in their most recent bid. If the highest
    bidder does not do so in a timely fashion, the Surveyor shall issue
    the player who submitted the bid a Yellow Card.

Amend rule 2485 ("You Can't Take It With You") and replace its text with:

     "Heir" is a person switch, tracked by the Registrar, whose value
     is either empty or the name of a player or Organization. Each
     person's Heir is empty by default. A player may flip eir Heir by
     announcement.

     When a player is deregistered, if eir Heir switch is not empty, e
     automatically pays all of eir Balance to the named player or
     Organization, and transfers all of eir Estates to the named player
     or Organization. Otherwise, if eir Heir switch is empty, e may
     specify another player, an Organization, or Agora, and pay all of
     eir Balance and transfer all of eir Estates to the specified
     player or Organization. If the player does not do so within 1 day
     of deregistration, the Registrar CAN and SHALL cause that player
     to pay eir Balance to Agora and to transfer all of eir Estates to
     Agora, by announcement.
