    [Preamble]

This section is a non-normative, non-binding summary of the intent of this
Organization. When resolving disputes, determining whether actions are
Appropriate, or otherwise regulating the operation of this Organization, do not
refer to any paragraph in this section other than this one. This section ends
immediately after the line containing “[The Charter]”.

Members of this organization may freely enter into binding agreements to buy
and sell votes on Agoran decisions. As votes are non-transferrable, sales are
realized through voting instructions from the buyer to the seller member. The
terms of the sale - the identities of the parties, the price paid, the number
of votes purchased, and the bond with which performance is secured - will be
public, but the actual voting instructions may be provided privately if the
parties so choose.

To secure performance, a player buying votes must place their bid in escrow
with this Organization, and a player selling votes must place a bond, which is
forfeit if the seller violates the agreement. The price of a vote is
unregulated, so as to allow a market to develop. The size of a bond, however,
floats with the price to pend Agoran proposals, and thus with the nominal value
of a vote.

Finally, this Charter provides for an informal dispute resolution system to
resolve contracts under this Charter where the seller reneges, or where the
buyer and seller disagree. Every member of this Organization has the authority
to object to any resolution of any contract other than one to which they are a
party.

    [The Charter]

Where it appears in these rules, terms defined in Rule 1728 "Dependent Actions"
are to be interpreted as under that rule, except that only attempts by members
of this organization to support or to object to an action are effective.

Actions permitted by this charter are always Appropriate. Actions forbidden by
this charter are never Appropriate.

All actions described by this Charter and pertaining to Organizations are
limited in scope to this Organization.

Members of this Organization may amend this Charter with notice.

An amendment to this Charter is Appropriate if intent to perform it was
announced between 4 and 14 days ago, and no members have publicly objected to
it since.

Any player may join this Organization by flipping eir Budget switch for this
Organization to a positive value, by announcement.

Any member of this Organization may leave this Organization by flipping eir
Budget switch for this Organization to zero, by announcement.

A tender is a document unambiguously specifying:

    * A price, which must be an integer greater than zero; and
    * A vote count, which must be an integer greater than zero.

A sell tender is a tender which additionally specifies:

    * A bond, which must be an integer greater than zero; and
    * A seller, which must be a player.

A member of this Organization can pay this Organization an amount equal to the
current Pending List Price to create a sell tender by announcement. The sell
tender's bond must be equal to the amount paid, and the sell tender's seller
must be that member. The seller may set the price and vote count to
any pair of integers, each greater than zero.

A player may cause this Organization to pay emself an amount equal to the bond
of any sell tender, if they are the seller on that tender, to retract that sell
tender by announcement.

A buy tender is a tender which additionally specifies:

    * A buyer, which must be a player.

A member of this Organization can pay this Organization any number of shinies
to create a buy tender by announcement. The buy tender's price must be equal to
the amount paid, and the buy tender's buyer must be the name of that member.
The buyer may set the vote count to integer greater than zero.

A player may cause this Organization to pay emself an amount equal to the price
of any buy tender, if they are the buyer on that tender, to retract that buy
tender by announcement.

A sale contract is a document unambiguously specifying the following facts:

    * A price, which must be an integer greater than zero; and
    * A bond, which must be an integer greater than zero; and
    * A vote count, which must be an integer greater than zero; and
    * A buyer, which must be a player; and
    * A seller, which must be a player.

A member of this Organization can pay this Organization an amount equal to the
price of a sell tender to accept that tender by announcement and convert it
into a sale contract. E becomes the buyer of that sale contract. The seller,
vote count, price, and bond of the sell tender become the seller, vote count,
price, and bond of the sale contract, respectively.

A member of this Organization can pay this Organization an amount equal to the
current Pending List Price to accept a buy tender by announcement and convert
it into a sale contract. E becomes the seller, and the amount e paid becomes
the bond, of that sale contract. The buyer, price, and vote count of the buy
tender become the buyer, price, and vote count of the sale contract,
respectively.

Clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, no player may accept a retracted
tender.

Clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, no player may become either the buyer
or the seller of a sale contract without eir consent. Consent shall be
indicated by publicly accepting a buy tender or a sell tender as described in
this Charter.

An Agoran Decision is within the scope of a sale contract if the seller has not
yet voted in a number of resolved Agoran Decisions equal to the vote count of
that contract. For the purposes of this Charter, the seller has voted in an
Agoran Decision if and only if they have cast a valid ballot on that decision,
and not retracted or replaced it, and the Agoran Decision has been resolved.

The buyer of a sale contract may provide the seller with voting instructions
for any Agoran Decision within the scope of the sale contract. The buyer may
communicate these voting instructions by any means the buyer and seller find
mutually acceptable.

Either the buyer or the seller of a sale contract may cause this Organization
to pay the seller an amount equal to the price of the contract plus the bond of
the contract to satisfy the contract without objection from the buyer, if the
seller has voted on a number of Agoran Decisions equal to or greater than the
vote count of the contract.

Clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, a satisfied contract may not be
satisfied or declared breached.

The buyer of a contract may cause this Organization to pay emself an amount
equal to the sale price of the contract, and, in the same message, to pay Agora
an amount equal to the contract's bond to declare a contract breached, without
objection from members of this Organization other than the seller.

When stating an intention to declare a contract breached, the buyer must
unambiguously identify the Agoran Decision in which the seller voted, and the
voting instruction the seller has failed to satisfy.

Members other than the seller SHOULD object to the intention if, in their
opinion, the seller has satisfied the buyer's voting instructions.

Clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, a contract that has been declared
breached may not be satisfied or declared breached.

While any player has stated a valid intention to satisfy a contract, but that
intention has not yet been resolved or allowed to expire, no attempt to declare
that contract breached is effective.

While any player has stated a valid intention to declare a contract breached,
but that intention has not yet been resolved or allowed to expire, no attempt to
declare that contract breached is effective.
