An amendment to this Organization is Appropriate if intent to perform
it was announced between 4 and 14 days ago, and no members of the
Organization have publicly objected to it since.

References to a person's Budget Switch in this Charter refer to the
Budget Switch for the pair consisting of that person and this
Organization.

For the purposes of Bets made under the provisions of this
Organization, a reference to an Agoran Decision on whether to adopt a
proposal can be made by instead referencing the proposal itself, unless
doing so would be ambiguous.

Any non-member of this Organization can join it via flipping eir Budget
Switch to 25.

Any member of this Organization whose Budget Switch is currently 25 or
less, and who has not authored any unResolved Bets that are Covered by
a Bet with an author other than emself, can leave it via flipping eir
Budget Switch to 0.

A Bet is a portion of an announcement, labelled as a Bet, that is
authored by a member of this Organization and contains the following
information:

Deadline: a moment in the future, defined either by its date, or by
specifying an event that could potentially happen in the future but
that has not yet occurred (e.g. "the resolution of Proposal 9999"), in
which case the Deadline is the first occurrence of such an event;
Odds: two positive integers separated by a hyphen (e.g. 3-1);
Event: a statement in the future tense about a property of Agora's
gamestate, which is evaluated at the time stated in the Deadline.

If two Bets have the same Deadline, reverse Odds (i.e. the number
before the hyphen and the number after the hyphen are swapped), and
Events which are negations of each other (i.e. one is necessarily true
whenever the other is false, and vice versa), the Bets are stated to
Complement each other. For each bet, the first bet that Complements it
and has not previously Covered another bet is said to Cover that bet.
Exception: if a Bet is not Covered by its Deadline, it cannot Cover or
be Covered by another Bet subsequently.

A statement by a member of this Organization that e "covers" a Bet is
interpreted as an announcement that would be a Bet that Covers it, if
such a bet is possible (i.e. if the Bet is unCovered and its Deadline
has not occurred).

A statement by a member of this Organization that e "withdraws" a Bet
that e authored is interpreted as though that member had announced that
e covered that Bet.

If a Bet is Covered and its Deadline has passed, it has not previously
been Resolved, and the Bet and the Bet that Covers it have different
authors, any member of this contract can Resolve it. To do so, e flips
the Bet's author's Budget Switch as follows:

- If the Bet's Event was true when the Deadline occurred, the switch is
reduced by the integer before the hyphen in the Bet's Odds;

- If the Bet's Event was false when the Deadline occurred, the switch
is increased by the integer after the hyphen in the Bet's Odds.

Members of this Organization are strongly encouraged to Resolve a Bet
and the Bet that Covers it within the same message. They are also
encouraged to identify the Bet, and the Bet that Covers it, via quoting
the original messages containing them.
