Changes from the last draft:

* Shame is a player switch, not a person switch. Player switches are defined by
  the rules; person switches are not, and the obvious interpretation would
  imply tracking Shame for non-players.

* Shame is explicitly tracked by the Referee.

* Shunning is now by announcement, rather than without objection. Objecting
  would allow Disgraced players to block their own punishment, which was not
  what I intended.

* The order in which Shunning side-effects happen, and the timing for their
  application, should be clearer now.

* A phrasing fix in the amendment to Green Cards, for consistency with the
  changes to the other carding rules.

Proposal: Shame
Adoption index: 3
Authors: o
Co-authors:

Create a new rule with power 1 named "Shame", and set its body to:

    Shame is a natural player switch, tracked by the Referee. The default Shame
    of each player is zero.

    A player is Ashamed if their Shame switch is at least two. A player is
    Disgraced if their Shame switch is at least five.

    If at least one player is Disgraced, then any player MAY Shun The Unworthy
    by announcement. When the Unworthy are Shunned, then

    a) a Lockout Event happens immediately to each Disgraced player, then

    b) each Ashamed player's Shame is reset to the default value, then

    c) the player who Shunned The Unworthy's shame is increased by one.

[Create a cumulative penalty system and a consequence for accumulating too
many.]


Amend rule 955 "Determining the Will of Agora":

After

      - PRESENT is always a valid vote, with no effect on the outcome
        except counting towards quorum.

insert the text

      - PENITENT is always a valid vote, with no effect on the outcome
        except counting towards quorum. The Shame of each player whose
        final vote on a decision is PENITENT is reduced by one when the
        decision is resolved.

[Provide a method to work off penalties voluntarily by refraining from voting.
The notation PENITENT intentionally matches PRESENT to make it easy for the
ADoP to work with.]


Amend the rule "Green Cards":

Replace the sentence

    When a person is issued a Green Card, they are ENCOURAGED to travel to the
    United States.

with

    When a person is issued a Green Card, their Shame is increased by one, and
    they are ENCOURAGED to travel to the United States.


Amend the rule "Yellow Cards":

Replace the sentence

    When a Yellow Card is issued, the bad sport SHOULD publish a formal apology
    of at least 200 words explaining eir error, shame, remorse, and ardent
    desire for self-improvement.

with

    When a Yellow Card is issued, the bad sport's Shame is increased by one.
    The bad sport SHOULD publish a formal apology of at least 200 words
    explaining eir error, shame, remorse, and ardent desire for
    self-improvement.


Amend the rule "Red Cards":

Replace the sentence

    When a Red Card is issued, as a penalty, within the next 7 days, any player
    CAN once, with 2 Support, Throw the Book at the bad sport.

with

    When a Red Card is issued, the bad sport's Shame is increased by one. As a
    penalty, within the next 7 days, any player CAN once, with 2 Support, Throw
    the Book at the bad sport.


Amend the rule "Pink Slips":

Replace the sentence

    When a Pink Slip is issued, as a penalty, within the next 7 days, any
    player CAN, with 2 Support, become the holder of one or more of those
    offices still held by the bad sport.

with

    When a Pink Slip is issued, the bad sport's Shame is increased by one. As a
    penalty, within the next 7 days, any player CAN, with 2 Support, become the
    holder of one or more of those offices still held by the bad sport.

[Every Card raises the recipient's Shame by one. More severe Cards already have
more severe immediate penalties; Shame is meant to punish a pattern of getting
Carded, so there isn't any additional Shame in receiving a more serious Card.]
