I find the statement

    Rule 2168 (Extending the voting period) is capable of extending
    the voting period of an Agoran decision.

FALSE
TRUE

CALLER'S ARGUMENTS:

    Although voting periods are not explicitly secured, Rule 107 (Power 3) says
    plainly "The voting period lasts for 7 days.", and although it provides
    further restrictions on changing voting periods, it nowhere actually
    permits other Rules to make such changes, especially not a Power 1 Rule
    such as 2168.

JUDGE'S ARGUMENTS:

    The clause reading

        The voting period lasts for 7 days.

    from Rule 107 (power 3) and the clause reading

        Whenever the voting period of an Agoran decision would end, and the
        result would be FAILED QUORUM, the length of the voting period for that
        decision is instead increased to 14 days, except if it is already that
        length, provided this has not already happened for the decision in
        question.

    from Rule 2168 (power 1) are, clearly, not compatible. Rule 1030,
    "Precedence between Rules," allows us to resolve this conflict easily:

        In a conflict between Rules, the conflict shall be resolved by
        performing the following comparisons in the sequence written in this
        rule, until the conflict is resolved.

        - In a conflict between Rules with different Power, the Rule with the
          higher Power takes precedence over the Rule with the lower Power;
          otherwise,

        [...]

    As Rule 107 has a higher Power, it takes precedence, and voting periods are
    exactly seven days long. Ørjan's argument is convincing.

    However, it's also incomplete. Rule 107 explicitly constrains the extension
    of voting periods:

        The voting period for a decision cannot be set or changed to a duration
        longer than fourteen days.

    This clause would be nonsensical if voting periods could not be extended.
    Therefore, this clause implies that other rules CAN modify the length of a
    voting period, even in the absence of any rule explicitly permitting or
    denying such changes.
