Title: Simple Economics v2
Adoption index: 2.0
Author: nichdel
Co-author(s): G., o, Ørjan

Enact a new rule (P=2) titled "Economics" which reads:

     Agora, each player, and each organization have corresponding
     switches known as Balance switches. Each Balance switch's possible
     values are integers. Agora's Balance's default value is 1000. Each
     player and organization's Balance's default value is 0. Balances
     are tracked by the Secretary. The unit for Balance values is shiny
     (pl. shinies).

     If Agora, a player, or an organization (A) 'pays' X shinies to
     Agora, a player, or an organization (B), A's Balance is decreased
     by X and B's Balance is increased by X. Any attempt to pay a
     negative amount is INEFFECTIVE, regardless of rules to the
     contrary.

     Any player CAN pay Agora, any other player, or any organization
     any amount by announcement, unless it would make eir own balance
     negative. Any attempt by a player to PAY any amount that would make
     eir own balance negative is INEFFECTIVE, rules to the contrary
     notwithstanding.

     Any organization CAN pay Agora, any player, or any other
     organization by announcement by a member of said organization,
     as specified in the charter of said organization, unless it would
     make the organization's balance negative. Any attempt by any player
     to cause an organization to pay any amount that would make that
     organization's balance negative is INEFFECTIVE, rules to the
     contrary notwithstanding.

     The Secretary CAN cause Agora to pay any player or organization by
     announcement if doing so is specified by a rule.

[It's intentional that Agora's balance can be negative, the next part
should clarify why. Also, this basically allows organizations to do
whatever they want with the currency. If this passes I'll do an
overhaul of organizations to remove budgets.]

Enact a new rule (P=1) titled "Payday" which reads:

     At the start of each month, if Agora's Balance is not 0 or less,
     the Secretary SHALL, within 7 days, cause Agora to pay each player
     10 shinies, plus another 10 shinies for each office that player
     holds.

     If Agora's Balance becomes 0 or less before every player is paid,
     the Secretary SHALL continue to cause Agora to pay until every
     player has been paid.

[This is simplistic, but we can flesh it out later. I imagine pay rates
being set during elections. Making sure everyone is paid makes
monopolies more difficult.]

Enact a new rule (P=1) titled "You can't take it with you" which reads:

     "Heir" is a person switch, tracked by the Registrar, whose value
     is either empty or the name of a player or organization. Each
     person's Heir is empty by default. A player may flip eir Heir by
     announcement.

     When a player is deregistered, if eir Heir switch is not empty,
     e automatically pays all of eir Balance to the named player or
     organization. Otherwise, if eir Heir switch is empty, e may
     specify another player, an organization, or Agora and pay all of
     eir Balance to the specified player or organizaion. If the player
     does not do so within 1 day of deregistration, the Secretary
     CAN and SHALL cause that player to pay eir Balance to Agora, by
     announcement.

[Simple enough, the shinies have to go somewhere, but you can specify
where. Could be given to an organization to hold until you reregister,
or some other shenanigans.]

Amend rule 2445 (How to Pend a Proposal) by making it read, in full:

     Imminence is a switch, tracked by the Promotor, possessed by
     proposals in the Proposal Pool, whose value is either "pending"
     or "not pending" (default).

     Pending List Price is an integer switch, tracked by the Promotor,
     whose default value is 5. At the beginning of every month, the
     Pending List Price is set to the mean of the price paid for each
     proposal pended in the previous month, rounded down. If less than
     2 proposals were pended in the previous month, the Pending List
     Price is set to its default.

     Pending Minimum Price is, at all times, 9/10ths of the Pending
     List Price, rounded down.

     Any player CAN pay Agora a specified amount, which is no less than
     the Pending Minimum Price, to flip a proposal's imminence to
     "pending" by announcement. If the specified amount is less than the
     Pending Minimum Price, then the attempt to pay is INEFFECTIVE, and
     the proposal's imminence is not flipped.

[A weird pay-what-you want system, meant to roughly approximate an
auction. The price can go down, but it's far easier for it to go up.
The less than 2 limit makes it difficult to raise the price to insane
levels. In the future I'd like to do similar for Cards, and possibly
CFJs and Voting Power.]
