    [Basics of amending the charter.]

All actions described by this Charter and pertaining to Organizations are
limited in scope to this Organization.

An amendment is Appropriate if intent to perform it was announced between 4 and
14 days ago, and no members have publicly objected to it since.

    [Maintain a treasury, but provide no mechanisms for spending it. It's
    cheaper to buy in when pending proposals is cheap.]

Any player who is not a member of this Organization may join it by paying this
Organization the current Pending List Price. Any player may leave this
Organization by having it pay em the amount they paid to join (syn. "refunding"
the member). No other payments made by this Organization are Appropriate.

    [What is this organization about? The buying and selling of votes. Naked
    Graft, in other words.]

An offer is a promise to exchange a fixed number of ballot choices in future
votes by one party (the Sellor of that offer) in exchange for receiving a fixed
payment in shinies from another party (the Buyor of that offer).

Any member can propose an offer by announcement, naming themselves as either
the Sellor or the Buyor of the proposed offer. The player who proposed an offer
can withdraw it by announcement at any time, provided that the offer has not
been accepted.

Any member can accept a proposed offer by announcement, provided that offer has
not previously been accepted. When a player accepts an offer, e becomes the
Buyor if the offer already has a Sellor, or the Sellor if the offer already has
a Buyor. Any attempt to withdraw an accepted offer has no effect.

When an offer is accepted, the Buyor shall immediately pay the Sellor the named
amount of shinies. If the Buyor fails to do so within three days of acceptance,
the message accepting the offer has no effect and the offer has not been
accepted.

    [What are the effects of completing an offer?]

Once the Buyor has paid the Sellor, the Sellor MUST cast ballots as directed by
the Buyor in as many votes as are named in the accepted offer. The Buyor can
communicate their voting instructions to the Sellor by any means the two
parties find acceptable.

If the Sellor satisfies the offer by voting as directed the offered number of
times, the offer is settled, and has no further effects.

If the Sellor fails to satisfy the offer by failing to cast a ballot, the offer
remains in effect until the Sellor completes the required number of votes.

If the Sellor fails to satisfy the offer by voting other than as ordered, the
offer is violated. The Buyor of an offer that has been violated may remove the
Sellor from this Organization with notice, naming the offer that has been
violated. The Sellor may object to the notice and prevent removal if they
provide clear evidence that they have voted as directed. It is NOT Appropriate
to refund a Sellor removed from this Organization in this manner.
