Proposal: The Treasuror
Adoption index: 2.0
Authors: o
Co-authors:

Create a new rule, titled "The Treasuror", with power 1, with the
following text:

    The Treasuror is an office. If the backing document of an asset
    does not specify a recordkeepor, the Treasuror is the recordkeepor
    of that asset.

    The Treasuror's weekly report includes

    * A list of all transfers, creations, destructions, transmutations,
      and other changes to assets for which the Treasuror is the
      recordkeepor that have taken place in the previous two weeks, and

    * A list of all existing assets for which the Treasuror is the
      recordkeepor, along with their owners.

Amend rules 248 ("Economics"), replacing all occurrences of
"Secretary" with "Treasuror".

If proposal 7846 ("Real Estate") has passed, amend rule 2485 ("You
Can't Take It With You"), replacing its text entirely with:

    "Heir" is a person switch, tracked by the Treasuror, whose value is
    either empty, or a player other tham emself. Each person's Heir is
    empty by default. A player may flip eir Heir by announcement.

    When a player is deregistered, if eir Heir switch is not empty, e
    automatically pays all of eir Shinies and Estates to their Heir
    immediately before deregistration. Otherwise, if eir Heir switch is
    empty, e automatically pays all of eir Shinies and Estates to Agora
    immediately before deregistration.

If proposal 7846 ("Real Estate") has not passed, amend rule 2485 ("You
Can't Take It With You"), replacing its text entirely with:

    "Heir" is a person switch, tracked by the Treasuror, whose value is
    either empty, or a player other tham emself. Each person's Heir is
    empty by default. A player may flip eir Heir by announcement.

    When a player is deregistered, if eir Heir switch is not empty, e
    automatically pays all of eir Shinies to their Heir immediately
    before deregistration. Otherwise, if eir Heir switch is empty, e
    automatically pays all of eir Shinies to Agora immediately before
    deregistration.

Make o the Treasuror.

If proposal 7846 ("Real Estate") has passed, repeal the rule "The
Surveyor".
