Proposal: Shame
Adoption index: 3
Authors: o
Co-authors: Alexis, Aris

Create a new rule, "Shame", with power 1, with the following text:

    Shame is a natural player switch, tracked by the Referee. The
    default Shame of each player is zero.

    A player is Ashamed if eir Shame switch is at least two. A player
    is Disgraced if eir Shame switch is at least five.

    If at least one player is Disgraced, then any player MAY Shun The
    Unworthy by announcement. When the Unworthy are Shunned, then the
    following happens, in order:

    a) a Lockout Event happens immediately to each Disgraced player,
       then

    b) each Ashamed player's Shame is reset to the default value, then

    c) the player who Shunned The Unworthy's Shame is increased by one.

    A player whose Shame is greater than zero can pay Agora a number of
    Shinies equal to four times the Pending List Price to reduce eir
    shame by one, by announcement.

[Create a cumulative penalty system and a consequence for accumulating
too many.]

Amend rule 2427 ("Yellow Cards"), by replacing the sentence:

    When a Yellow Card is issued, the bad sport SHOULD publish a formal
    apology of at least 200 words explaining eir error, shame, remorse,
    and ardent desire for self-improvement.

with:

    When a Yellow Card is issued, the bad sport's Shame is increased by
    one. The bad sport SHOULD publish a formal apology of at least 200
    words explaining eir error, shame, remorse, and ardent desire for
    self-improvement.

Amend rule 2475 ("Red Cards"), by replacing the sentence:

    When a Red Card is issued, as a penalty, within the next 7 days,
    any player CAN once, with 2 Support, Throw the Book at the bad
    sport.

with:

    When a Red Card is issued, the bad sport's Shame is increased by
    one. As a penalty, within the next 7 days, any player CAN once,
    with 2 Support, Throw the Book at the bad sport.

Amend rule 2476 ("Pink Slips"), by replacing the sentence:

    When a Pink Slip is issued, as a penalty, within the next 7 days,
    any player CAN, with 2 Support, become the holder of one or more of
    those offices still held by the bad sport.

with:

    When a Pink Slip is issued, the bad sport's Shame is increased by
    one. As a penalty, within the next 7 days, any player CAN, with 2
    Support, become the holder of one or more of those offices still
    held by the bad sport.

[Every Card raises the recipient's Shame by one. More severe Cards
already have more severe immediate penalties; Shame is meant to punish
a pattern of getting Carded, so there isn't any additional Shame in
receiving a more serious Card.]
